Build

**DynFi Firewall Source Code**

The DynFi Firewall source code is divided into several sections, each section plays a specific role and is linked to the other sections, allowing the entire firewall to be compiled independently. The objective of our project is to allow building a firewall using simpler and more modern compiling methods than the one proposed by OPNsense®.

To do this we have reworked the entire build process using Poudriere which is used by FreeBSD to build many packages and to build the entire FreeBSD system.

**DynFi Build**

This is a collection of build scripts that allows you to build DynFi Firewall.

&nbsp;   build_base.sh  
    build_pacakges.sh  
    build_installer.sh  
    build_poudriere.sh  
    build_sync.sh\`

**How to build DynFi Firewall**

First, you need to get all the necessary repositories:

&nbsp;   the FreeBSD repository used by DynFi Firewall: https://github.com/DynFi/FreeBSD-base  
    the DynFi Firewall ports repository : https://github.com/DynFi/opnsense-core  
    the Poudriere overlay needed to build DynFi Firewall: https://github.com/DynFi/dynfi-overlay

We encourage you to read the different readme provided in each section.

The file you need to modify is common.subr, and the interesting values are:

&nbsp;   OVERLAY_PORTS - is a directory where the dynfi-overlay repo is located  
    FBSD_TREE\` - is a directory where the FreeBSD directory is located

Next, you can use a build_base.sh script to build the kernel and FreeBSD world.

The next step is to build the packages. The build_packages.sh script is responsible for this. When you have a package, the kernel and the world, you can build the installation with build_installer.sh. Finally, you can push the required repository to a remote server with the build_sync.sh script.

id: 87fa201a16da4bc0a39ffb17e1e56ab4
parent_id: 4e3f4a6801604b63b3326d6e21842ed6
created_time: 2024-08-13T08:53:58.805Z
updated_time: 2024-08-13T08:55:43.246Z
is_conflict: 0
latitude: 35.68919750
longitude: 51.38897360
altitude: 0.0000
author: 
source_url: 
is_todo: 0
todo_due: 0
todo_completed: 0
source: joplin-desktop
source_application: net.cozic.joplin-desktop
application_data: 
order: 0
user_created_time: 2024-08-13T08:53:58.805Z
user_updated_time: 2024-08-13T08:55:43.246Z
encryption_cipher_text: 
encryption_applied: 0
markup_language: 1
is_shared: 0
share_id: 
conflict_original_id: 
master_key_id: 
user_data: 
deleted_time: 0
type_: 1